---
title: "收集一些 buzzword"
tags: [wip]
---

<!--more-->

- **Tribal knowledge** refers to any unwritten knowledge within a company that is not widely known. This could be actual data, such as passwords, or more abstract knowledge, such as best practices and processes. Because it is unwritten, tribal knowledge is typically shared by word-of-mouth 
- **Cargo cult programming** is a style of computer programming characterized by the ritual inclusion of code or program structures that serve no real purpose.
- monorepo
- most distributions do not **ship** a new enough version of util-linux
- **grab** the sources from here
- **dry run**
- **terminal prompts**
- This seems a **random** ideas that is not quite in the gtctl scope.
- now there's a logical place to add various analyses that we might implement that don't need to be **full-blown** data flow analyses
- block_1 **omitted**
- The code under test here is going to be **dwarfed** by everything else:
- All of our IR-based passes are pretty clean but emit is kind of **grody**
- This seems a **random** ideas that is not quite in the gtctl **scope**.
- **spurious** test failures
- **populate** structural information in class IR for extension classes.
- This is **a port of** psutil. The challenge is **porting** all psutil functions on some architectures.
- Unfortunately, we don't have **bandwidth** to personally help everybody get their mypy development environment set up.
- please **stay tuned** to this issue and also the Gitter channel.
- **Performance win**: an escape analysis pass allows us to even more aggressively optimize nested functions, closures and heap-allocated objects.
- This generates cyclic garbage that can only be **reclaimed** by the cyclic gc, which is not very efficient.
